What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
.git hidden file is created, it will be the place where my versions are copied. If not I could not track the history of my work.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?
staging area is in between the 2 others, it is temporary with its contents and modifiable. but the others not. 

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?
Since changing area is a temporary area where i can add and remove without problems,
 I can add changes to staging area, then think about them and check whether they below to the same logical change.
 Then I decide to commit them all together or commit some together and some others in another commit,
 or even decide that it is not needed to commit so I reset some files 
 and remove the changes and remove them from the staging area.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?
It is helpful when the changes done are on the same level of work not behind each other. 
Also when you need to keep returning to a version as the real good one and the brnches are two different experiments
but you are not sure which one will work.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
It helps specially to recognize whether a commit is reachable or not,
so whether we will lose it if we don't create a new branch or not. 

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?
the result is one branch that contains all the commits of the two branches in chronological order.
because it is the logic way to represent it.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?
It is very quick automaticaly than manually. When no conflits exist then git is great all is done in one command. 
When there is a conflict also git is good since it merge everything except the part with conflict.
It tells you where it is and it give you the original aprt with the two modifications and then it is easy for you to catch the conflict to resolve it.
So in all the cases git is great!
