How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that 
was introduced?

 
It is helpful specially while having a long text, to not read everything 


How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more 
efficient programmer in the long term?
You can check older versions and in case of errors come back as using an undo button



What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
 commit,
like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?
To save space it is good not to save every version, and also to be able to read the history, 
if not the history will be as complecated as reading the text itself, this is pro.
it is sometimes difficult to decide when to save, if you dedcide not and later you need
 that old version but not the too old one then it is a con.



Why do you think some version control systems, like Git,
allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
Because it is better!


How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

 

By git log we see the list of all the commits done from the begining. 
With a message explaining what is the global change in the commit.
Then we choose the commit that interest us and if we want to compare our file with this change
 with the version just before it
 we use git diff then space then the id of the older version then space
 then the id of the new version, so git diff list for us the paragraphs with changes
what was deleted in red and what was added in green, what is in black is not touched in that paragraph

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

 

I am now confident, since i can come back to any previous version i want in case of bugs.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
Everything that it can be done with it. I wan to learn a lot, I want to practice with real projects.